hi everybody this is jino barber from
Gino's trattoria in this video today
I'll be showing you how we make our
penne vodka at the restaurant I'll show
you what ingredients we use right in
front of us we have 2 tablespoons of
chopped prosciutto this you can omit if
you're our vegetarian I like to put in
pusher book is a nice little mini flavor
to it I have 2 tablespoons diced onions
I have a quarter cup of grated Parmesan
cheese I have maybe a tablespoon of
butter I have some black pepper I had
some parsley here I have a quarter cup
of heavy cream I have two cups of our
marinara sauce very important this is
what gives it a great flavor
if you don't have prepared marinara
sauce if you don't know how to make it I
have the recipe in the cookbook and if
not you can always buy jarred marinara
sauce in a grocery store and here I have
about tables two tablespoons of vodka
sauce so let me get the canned over here
pans want to get hot that's a pasta
cooking here I'm going to put in also
maybe a tablespoon of olive oil I won't
put in too much because I'm gonna have a
prosciutto that's gonna render itself so
I'm gonna put the prosciutto at first
let's get that going
you really want that for shoot to the
cookers we rendered down fat you'll see
how nice and golden again that's getting
golden nugget it adds a nice sweetness
food so you have the sweetness of the
onion and you have the softness of the
intruder which is like a match parsley
him right away I didn't add these salt
and I pitch you right man these for this
recipe I think that for sure says daddy
if you want to add a touch you can but
as I said you're gonna be putting in the
grated cheese also so that's a nice
place you want is you want to get these
onions a little golden you want this
prosciutto to run yourself to get a
little bit crispy also 30 seconds
especially if it doesn't get stuck very
important you're making vodka sauce
black is very flammable so what you want
is you are pulling off the fire I had
your vodka ignite now what's happening
here is the vodkas actually starting off
let me out this will burn off once the
alcohol burns off completely you're
still gonna have the flavor the vodka
[Music]
let it burn off
buckles burned off in the end marinara
sauce good
that's marinara sauce put gonna add the
heavy cream to it
and I'll let that cook down for some
seconds
[Music]
now I want this to come to a boil
marinara sauce is already cooked so this
should take about a half a minute or so
to cook this probably going to be enough
sauce for a team of three portions a lot
of nice extra another a lot of nice
color to it
adds a nice layer of flavor to it
awesome I like to cook al dente about
five to six minutes if this pastas ready
so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna dump
this pasta out into our major
we need about a half pound of pasta here
so let me show you what we do with the
pasta I'm gonna put it all back in in
this pan I like to toss the pasta with
the Parmesan cheese in with the sauce
okay now I think this is too much sauce
for this possible so I'm gonna do is I
don't let this cook for another 30
seconds or so let this really really
boil itself put the pasta here so what
you're doing here is the pasta is
getting really really wet our sauce we
do here is get our grated cheese and the
reading parmesan let me just turn it up
and what you can do here also you can
cook the pasta another 10 or 15 seconds
in the bowl but it really get wet stir
it around if you have any extra parsley
to pinch a little bit of parchment on
here okay so what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna plate it all right
now if you like a little bit of sauce I
like not much sauce on it but what you
can do is you have any sauce left over
you just ladle it right on
right on I have a little bit more
parsley control a parsley on top a
little bit grated cheese touch your
grated cheese and there you have it
Gino Torretta is panella vodka